Hey, guys, what's up?
This is American, and I welcome you to an editorial on this course on Ruby.
And in this tutorial, we will be covering the overview of the number types in Ruby.
So let's start by taking a look at the class hierarchy of all the number of related classes in Ruby.
So the first one we have is the numeric number class.
Then we have the integer, then we have the fixed number.
Then we have the big number.
Then we have the float numbers.
Then we have the complex number that basically deals with the values that are related to iodized in
mathematics.
Then we have the original numbers that basically deals with the fractions.
And finally, we have the big decimal that basically deals with a kind of, let's say, precision type
of element, because float value is actually not accurate.
That's why we come across big decimal in most cases where we need a lot of accuracy.
So these are basically the number of classes we have in Ruby.
And as you can see, that the numeric gloss is at the top, which is also called the parent for for
all the number of classes.
So you can use the ancestor method that is a building method to discover the parent class of any class.
Well, Dad, what do you have to do is, for example, if you want to know the ancestral class of,
let's say, this fixed number, then what you can do is that you can type in fixed number dot ancestors
and that is going to generate the ancestral glassell fixed number for you.
So going ahead.
Now.
Let's get a basic overview of all the no classes, so the first one is in teacher, which is basically
the parent class of fixed number and big number.
Then we have the fixed number, which basically contains the whole numbers that fit into the EU's integer
type, whether it be 32 bits or 62 bits.
Then we have the big number that is used for very big numbers that are integers, of course, because
it is the it is the trial class of the integer class, as I told you.
And as you can see at the top, that integer class is basically the parent class of this fixed number
and big number.
So basically, the big number consists of bigger numbers that are integers.
Then we have the floor that consist of imprecise decimal numbers, as I told you before, then we have
the complex number that are used for matched up with imaginary numbers in mathematics.
We call them the aorta.
Then we have the original, which consist of fractions and it is used to represent the fractions.
Then we have the big decimals that is used to perfect the precision in decimal numbers.
All right, so I guess that was a quick overview of what is going on in number of systems in Ruby,
so let's get on with some examples to show you.
Some of the scenarios that occur in the number of times, so let's first start with the flawed imprecision,
as it told you, that basically flawed has imprecise values.
And if you want values to be very, very, very precise, then you have to use the big decimal.
So why are they imprecise?
Let me give you a quick example for how flawed Nas in Ruby is described as imprecise.
So, for example, you have, let's say, some number.
That is zero point two, and you add it with zero point one, so if you see at this, you know that
this is equal to zero point three.
So if you want to check it, you have to write an equal equal to and you have to write in zero point
three over here.
Now, what you want is that you want to check if this is true or not.
So you are going to just dive and give a space.
But brackets around this are underscored.
And as you can see, that the output generated is false, which means that this statement is false.
Apparently you can see that this statement is perfectly fine, zero point zero point one is completely
equal to zero point three.
But the output, as you can see on the added bonuses, that this result is false.
And as I told you before, flawed has imprecise values.
And that's why flotilla's is described as imprecise in the official ruby documentation as well.
So if you want very, very, very precise reserves, then what you have to do is that you have to use
the concept of the big decimals of a hill.
Know how that concept is going to be applied over here and how these two numbers are going to be converted
into the big decimal, what you have to do is that you have to require the big decimal class was to
have to write and require.
But these single brackets and you have to write in big.
Decimal.
All right, so after you have acquired the glass, now what you can do is that you can simply use it,
so you have to write in.
Big.
Decimal.
Put this in brackets.
Right, big decimal point zero point one in brackets now run this code.
Not working, it says, did you mean by decimal?
Yes, I meant the big decimal.
All right.
Yes, my bet is there has to be in capitals, as you can see or hear, big decimal deals in gaps.
So now let's just run it.
And you can see that it is now true because what big decimal do is that big decimal, since I told you,
contains precise value and it is basically used for the flawed precision to make float values precise.
So that's why, as you can see, that the flows float, values were actually made precise and that's
why the output generated on the atom, rather says it's true.
So that is what is the concept of big decimal and float and that what was the comparison between the
two?
Then we have the concept of fixed numbers and let's just remove this stuff from here first.
All right, so what do we have the fixed number class then?
It has some special attributes.
Now, after that, we have the fixed numbers clause that also has some very special properties, for
example, the object ID for a fixed number is calculated using a very special formula.
Let me just show you that.
So just remove this from here.
For example, I have a fixed number.
Let's say it is one, and I want to know the object ID for that.
So I'm going to write in one object.
Need to add this sports with it, run it.
And as you can see, that three has been generated for me now.
How this tree has been generated for this one now, the formula for that is that whatever number you
enter here, in our case, it is one, that number is going to be multiplied by two and one is going
to be added to it.
And that is what is going to be the object of whatever object you enter.
For example, if I just enter two, then you can guess automatically that this number is going to be
multiplied by two.
So two multiplied by two equal to four and one is going to be added to it, which means that five is
going to be generated on the output screen.
So I read it and as you can see, that five has been generated.
So whatever number you enter right here, for example, the twenty twenty is multiplied by two, which
means forty and one is going to be added to it, which makes it equal do for the one I guess.
And that was the calculation.
Diamond at forty one is generated right here on your screen.
No, but there is more concept artists, this when you use a fixed number, there is no object being
created at all.
There is no one around the store and a fixed number because the value is derived from the object itself.
Now, this is just an implementation detail, but I think it's interesting to want to know that's why
I have covered it in this tutorial as well.
Now, if you want to know the let's say.
Glass of any kind of number, and that, I guess, is the last part of this tutorial, then what you
can do is that you can write in votes, you can write that number.
Let's say I want to know the class of this, so I've got to write in one dot and I'm going to write
in class.
Now, if I run this code, you can see that it has generated integer for me, which means that one is
an integer, one is also a fixed number.
But since integer is the parent class of the fixed number and big number, that's why we have this integer
here on our output screen.
Now, if I type in one point zero, let's say breasts or are you can see that on my Adam runner, I
have this flaw generated right over here, which means that one point zero is a flawed number, that
if you are a student of mathematics, then you are well aware of complex number and you know that it's
Ayata and you know that Yoda is represented by the character.
I see.
If I type in one idot class over here, run the score then on the ademir and there you can see that
it says that this is a complex number, which means that one eye is basically from the class of complex
number.
Now if I let's say, write in something like a fraction one divided by two or underscored, then as
you can see that it has generated an error because it do not recognize this value over here.
Even if I put it in the brackets, he'll now run this code.
Then you can see that it is giving me that it is an integer, but not original.
No original number is going to be something different, which would be covered in the future tutorials.
Then finally, I told you about the incestuous function, how you can do it, just remove it.
And for example, you want to know that what is the ancestral class of this big number?
So you are going to just write ancestors, big numbers on ancestors run this code.
And as you can see that it says integer and American variable object kernel of the basic object.
These are all basically the ancestors of this big number class.
And to be in general, integer is basically the ancestral class of this big number.
And for example, if you just write in fixed number or a hill and run this code, you can again see
that integer class is basically the parenting class of this fixed number.
And this fixed number is basically the ancestor of this.
For example, you dive in something like complex or undiscovered, then you can see that basically complex
class is the ancestral class of this complex class itself.
And in the slides, I assure you that numeric was at the top, which means that numeric gloss is basically
what is going to be the parent class for almost all since it was at the top of the hierarchy.
That's when American forces is basically considered as the parent for all the no classes, so whatever
class you enter here.
In the output, always you're going to see in America where here, since it is the complex.
Glass Ohare We are using and do not have a specific ancestral class, as in case of integer and as in
case of sorry big numbers and fixed number which has the parent class that is known as integer.
So that's why I for complex you are going to see complex at the top and after that you are always going
to see numeric.
So I guess that's it.
You now know about I guess number types a lot.
So that was just a basic introduction to no system in Ruby.
So I guess that's it.
With this tutorial, whatever was covered in this tutorial is going to be used a lot in the future tutorial.
So I guess you haven't tested it well.
So thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next Dorio.